ticdc: clarify description about compression (#17893)
pingcap/docs: ticdc/ticdc-sink-to-kafka.md

large-message-handle-compression = "none"
```

When `large-message-handle-compression` is enabled, the message received by the consumer is encoded using a specific compression protocol, and the consumer application needs to use the specified compression protocol to decode the data.

This feature is different from the compression feature of the Kafka producer:

* The compression algorithm specified in `large-message-handle-compression` compresses a single Kafka message. The compression is performed before comparing with the message size limit.
* At the same time, you can also configure the compression algorithm by using the `compression` parameter in [`sink-uri`](#configure-sink-uri-for-kafka). This compression algorithm is applied to the entire data sending request, which contains multiple Kafka messages.

> If you set `large-message-handle-compression`, when TiCDC receives a message, it first compares it to the message size limit, and messages larger than the size limit are compressed. If you also set `compression` in [`sink-uri`](#configure-sink-uri-for-kafka), TiCDC compresses the entire sending data request again at the sink level based on the `sink-uri` setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you set `large-message-handle-compression`, when TiCDC receives a message, it first compares it to the value of the message size limit parameter, and messages larger than the size limit are compressed. If you also set `compression` in [`sink-uri`](#configure-sink-uri-for-kafka), TiCDC compresses the entire sending data request again at the sink level based on the `sink-uri` setting.
```

> The compression ratio for both compression methods is calculated as follows: `compression ratio = size before compression / size after compression * 100`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The compression ratio for the two preceding compression methods is calculated as follows: `compression ratio = size before compression / size after compression * 100`.
```
